1.	Difference between inner join and outer join

Inner join - An inner join using either of the equivalent queries gives the intersection of the two tables, i.e. the two rows they have in common.

Left outer join - A left outer join will give all rows in A, plus any common rows in B.

Full outer join - A full outer join will give you the union of A and B, i.e. All the rows in A and all the rows in B. If something in A doesn't have a corresponding datum in B, then the B portion is null, and vice versa

2.	How many records do you get if you cross apply left table with 5 rows and right table with 0 rows
CROSS APPLY returns only those rows in the outer table for which the table value function returns data

0?

3.	Difference between primary key and clustered index
A key ( primary , foreign )is a logical thing, it serves the business logic and defines the integrity of data.
Indexes helps to speed up your queries, because it builds references to columns of your choice
A clustered index is a special index that defines the physical order of your table

4.	How do you import large amounts of data into sql
right-clicking on your new database (or create one), and selected Import/Export - Import
SQL Server called SSIS, which is a competent ETL (extract, transform, load) tool

5.	Difference between truncate and delete
When you TRUNCATE a table less information is logged.  This means the TRUNCATE statement executes very fast; however, it does so at the expense of not logging each row deleted

The DELETE command is used to remove records from a database.  It is the most common way to do so.  In its simplest form you can remove all the rows from a database or you can add a WHERE clause to remove only those meeting the criteria.


6.	How do you trim a string?
UPDATE Table
SET Name = RTRIM(LTRIM(Name))


7.	When should you use a cursor
Cursors are sometimes faster for calculating something like a running total.
Cursors are also handy for multiple executions of a stored proc that is set up to handle only one input value at a time.
Normally they are to be avoided replaced with set.


8.	How can you execute dynamic SQL
Execute sp_Executesql     @SQLQuery,
            @ParamDefinition,
            @EmployeeName,
            @Department,
            @Designation,
            @StartDate,
            @EndDate,
            @Salary



9.	How do you set up a many-many relationship
There’s a many-to-many relationship between the students and their classes, since each student can take multiple classes, and each class can have multiple students enrolled.
Defining foreign keys in separate table to link the 2 tables


10.	How can you add a new column to an existing table, and make the statement re-runnable without getting an error
if exists

11.	How to get the second lowest priced item from the product table
select price from table where price in (
    select   distinct price
    from   (select t.price,rownumber() over () as rownum from table t) as x
    where x.rownum = 2 --or 3, 4, 5, etc
)

12.	How do you store image files
if your pictures or document are typically below 256K in size, storing them in a database VARBINARY column is more efficient

if your pictures or document are typically over 1 MB in size, storing them in the filesystem is more efficient (and with SQL Server 2008's FILESTREAM attribute, they're still under transactional control and part of the database)

13.	How do you normalize a database
First Normal Form: Eliminating Repeating Groups
Second Normal Form: Eliminating Redundant Data
Third Normal Form: Eliminating Columns Not Dependent on Keys
The fourth normal form isolates independent multiple relationships
Fifth normal form isolates semantically related multiple relationships
